 I am very pleased to be with you here today in Lafia, the Capital of Nasarawa State. I am, indeed, overwhelmed by the warm reception accorded to me. I am, however, not surprised by this show of love and enthusiasm because, for me, this is home coming. People of Nasarawa have always been with the CHANGE movement, since the early days of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) through All Progressives Congress (APC). In 2011, the people of Nasarawa decided to vote for CHANGE, voted for the CPC in order to have a government for the people, and in 2015 they voted for continuity. Today, I am obliged to reiterate Governor Al-Makura’s proclamation that, indeed, Nasarawa State is my political home. Since the inauguration of His Excellency Umar Tanko Al-Makura as the Governor of Nasarawa State in May, 2011; the occasion which I attended personally, I have been following the trend of events in the State and the reports I received are that of execution of many projects. Accordingly, during my campaign visit to Nasarawa State in 2015, I noticed the transformation within Lafia metropolis. Earlier this morning, I commissioned an Electronic Library, a Fire Service facility and Township Road. And now, I am here to commission a Special Needs School. Later today, I will also commission a Model Primary Health Care Centre and Karu International Market. This is the CHANGE people of Nasarawa voted for. I must add that these projects, I believe, were executed owing largely to the frugality of Governor Al-Makura in the management of the meagre resources at the disposal of the Administration in the State. Excellencies, distinguished ladies and gentlemen, the Lafia Comprehensive Special School is a demonstration of our collective ambition to uplift the standard of living of all Nigerians through social investment policies. This school will cater for the deaf, the blind and other physically challenged. Indeed, this is a clear example of our inclusive policy where no child, man or woman will be left behind. This is a well-thought out initiative to give hope to a key segment of the society that has been ignored and neglected by the previous governments. We must help our disabled to contribute to their development and self-reliance. Let me use this opportunity to stress that the CHANGE philosophy which precipitated the APC Government will continue to idealize and identify issues that are critical to our socio-economic development with a view to proffering lasting solutions to them. I want to assure Nigerians that we would intensify our commitment towards the realization of the cardinal objectives of this Administration anchored on securing lives and property, curbing corruption and ensuring economic growth through diversification. I am also particularly pleased to launch the Pilot Scheme of the Community Health Influencers, Promoters and Services (CHIPS), National Programme here at Kwandare- Lafia Local Government Area and to direct the Federal Ministry of Health to synergize with other States to roll out the programme to enable the less privileged and the rural dwellers to have access to health services. Considering the proximity of the Nasarawa State to the Federal Capital Territory, Government will site Federal projects that will attract foreign investments to Nigeria, taking into cognizance the daily influx of people to the State from within and outside the country. In this regard, I want to assure you that all ongoing strategic projects, especially the power transmission sub-stations and roads network would be completed to further enhance the socio-economic development of Nasarawa State and the north central region. I also want to assure the people of the north central and indeed all Nigerians, that Federal Government is working day and night to ensure peace and stability returns. We have deployed additional resources to all affected areas to maintain law and order. The attacks by suspected herdsmen and other bandits will not be tolerated. I appeal to all Nigerian to refrain from attacks. The security agencies have standing instructions to arrest and prosecute any and all persons found with illegal arms. I would like to once again express my condolences and sympathies to all the affected victims of these barbaric acts. Your Excellencies, ladies and gentlemen, let me once again express my appreciation for the overwhelming show of support and affection which I receive from fellow Nigerians in Nasarawa State. I urge you all to continue to pray for the success of this Administration and peace in the country. It is now my pleasure to commission the Comprehensive Special School, Lafia. Thank you and may God continue to bless Nigeria.   
